<h1>Swagg Player</h1>
<h2>Cross browser javascript music player for the web! Works in IE 7,8,9, FF 3.5+ (but not 4), Chrome & Safari</h2>
<p>I typically push out new code 2 or 3 times a week. If you'd like the last "stable" version please visit http://johnny-ray.com/swaggplayer.</p>

<h2>Building Swagg Player</h2>
<p>Swagg Player is a JavaScript application so the build is simply a matter of optimizing the code (making it as small as possible).
A ruby build script is included which will create 3 additional versions of Swagg Player:</p>
<ul>
	<li>jquery-swagg-player.min.js (minified version of the full app including BrowserDetect and logging statements)</li>
    <li>jquery-swagg-player-nodebug.js (Swagg Player with no log statements. 'debug' option does nothing.)</li>
    <li>jquery-swagg-player-nodebug.min.js (minified Swagg Player with no log statements. 'debug' option does nothing.)</li>
</ul>
<p>I HIGHLY recommend enabling gzip on your server for JavaScript as jquery.swagg-player-nodebug.min.js is a little less than 4KB when gzipped! The build is fairly dumb right now and assumes swagg player is in a child directory named 'js' and outputs all created files to that directory as well. If you'd like to run the build script yourself you'll need the following:</p>
<ul>
	<li><a href="http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://cjohansen.no/en/ruby/juicer_a_css_and_javascript_packaging_tool">Juicer</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Follow the instructions on the Juicer homepage in order to install the juicer gem, yui_compressor and jslint. Juicer uses jslint to validate
good JS practices. Swagg Player does not YET pass jslint. It's a work and progress and I'll get there! So, for now, you will say a bunch of jslint
warnings when you run the script but no worries, things will compress fine. If you run into problems feel free to contact me!</p>

<h2>Demos</h2>
Examples are included in index.html and text.html. Production examples can be found at <a href="http://johnny-ray.com">here</a> and <a href="http://iamjray.com">here</a>.

<p>The production examples cited above are typically anywhere between 1 and 10 (minor) versions ahead of what's downloadable at at the Swagg Player homepage. Documentation for some features found in the repo (and on my website) probably does not exist simply because it may or may not make it in the actual release or it may change substantially in design. 
I try and keep the bleeding edge (un-documented) version on my web site to get some real world testing and to see if certain features "make sense". Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about features in the repo code that are not documented <a href="http://johnny-ray.com/swaggplayer">here</a>.</p>

johnny.ray02@gmail.com